feat(ejb): add warnings about EJB deprecation (#684)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/configure-client-of-bonita-bpm-engine.md

::: warning
We do not guarantee to keep the http protocol stable, so we strongly recommend that you use the same version for both
the client and the server
:::
::: danger

> EJB communication protocol is removed in 7.10.

Reviewer: Are we sure it will be?

Author: Pablo confirmed that, so yes

> EJB communication protocol is removed in 7.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EJB communication protocol will be removed in 7.10.
```

Author: I though having `is` is more direct and there will be no change once we release 7.10
Do we keep `is` or put `will be`?

Reviewer: ok
